"Learn" section update (#52)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-DOT.md

## What are DOTs?

> DOT is the native token of the Polkadot network in a similar way that BTC is the native token of Bitcoin or Ether is the native token of the Ethereum Blockchain.

Reviewer: Why capitalize Blockchain?

Author: Legacy, I didn't notice it.  I can change it.

Author: Fixed in commit b2139b9020f519f721ef9a09bdf340565cbcf1ca

> Alexander testnet DOTs have 15 decimal places, while the smallest unit is called the Planck. Kusama tokens (KSM) have 12 decimal places.  You can compare the Planck to Satoshis or Wei, while the DOT is like a bitcoin or an ether.

Reviewer: Let's aim for consistency in capitalization between Ether/ether and Bitcoin/bitcoin when referring to the native tokens. I usually use lowercase for coin, uppercase for chain. So Ethereum / ether, Bitcoin / bitcoin.

Author: Legacy here as well.  Will fix.

Author: Fixed in b2139b9020f519f721ef9a09bdf340565cbcf1ca

| --- | --- |
Planck| 1
Point | 3
Microdot (uDOT)| 6
Millidot (mDOT)| 9
Dot (DOT) | 12
Blob | 15

**Kusama**
|Unit |Decimal Places|
| --- | --- |
Planck| 1
Point | 3
MicroKSM (uKSM)| 6
MilliKSM (mKSM)| 9

> KSM (DOT) | 12

Reviewer: No more blob?

Author: I don't think so, since we lost those three digits of precision.

@lsaether since you talked with Gav and modified the chainspec, any thoughts here?

Author: Logan is out until Thursday, so I'm going to spin double-checking this off into another issue and assign it to him.  I'm pretty sure it's right but want to run it past him, and I want this to get in because of all the minor fixes (if this PR sits out there, going to get merge conflicts from other things)

Author: Issue #75 assigned to Logan

## Mainnet DOTs

> Web3 Foundation will distribute up to 20% of mainnet DOTs prior to network launch in 2019 (see the [Light Paper](https://polkadot.network/Polkadot-lightpaper.pdf) or the [Polkadot Network FAQ](https://polkadot.network/faq/)). As Project Founder Gavin Wood said in his year-end recap, there may be a generally available public sale for some portion of that amount at some point this year. Subscribe to the Polkadot newsletter on [polkadot.network](https://polkadot.network/) for further updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web3 Foundation will distribute up to 20% of mainnet DOTs prior to network launch in 2019 (see the [Light Paper](https://polkadot.network/Polkadot-lightpaper.pdf) or the [Polkadot Network FAQ](https://polkadot.network/faq/)). As Gavin Wood, one of the project's founders, said in his year-end recap, there may be a generally available public sale for some portion of that amount at some point this year. Subscribe to the Polkadot newsletter on [polkadot.network](https://polkadot.network/) for further updates.
```
